Welcome to JW Broadcasting®!
What do we have in store for you?
Here are some highlights.
DiDi Brown lost her daughter
in an unimaginable tragedy.
How did Jehovah comfort her?
Racial and national prejudice
is hard to overcome for some people.
We’ll go to Greece
and see a beautiful example
of impartial love in action.
And our new song reminds us
that when we make time for Jehovah,
we feel his presence in our life.
This is JW Broadcasting for March 2022.
There is no doubt that we’re living
in “critical times hard to deal with,”
just as the apostle Paul prophesied
under inspiration in 2 Timothy chapter 3.
Many times, we’ve read Matthew chapter 24,
Mark chapter 13, Luke chapter 21,
and Revelation chapter 6.
But who would ever have known
how deeply a pandemic,
so-called natural disasters,
violence, and unrest
would affect us economically,
physically, and even emotionally?
Some of you dear friends
face unimaginable hardships.
Many have experienced loss of loved ones,
imprisonment, physical abuse,
sickness, financial problems,
and sometimes a number of these
or other circumstances all at the same time.
You dear brothers and sisters
are in our prayers.
With this in mind, the theme for our program
is “In Difficult Times,
Jehovah Always Comforts.”
A scripture that’s become familiar
to Jehovah’s people
is 2 Corinthians 1:3, 4:
“Praised be the God and Father
of our Lord Jesus Christ,
“the Father of tender mercies
“and the God of all comfort,
“who comforts us in all our trials
“so that we may be able to comfort others
“in any sort of trial with the comfort
that we receive from God.”
The Study Bible  says this
regarding the expression
“the Father of tender mercies”:
“The Greek noun
rendered ‘tender mercies’ . . .
“is here used to describe a feeling
of compassion,
“or pity, for others.
“God is called the Father,
or the Source, of tender mercies
“because compassion emanates
from him and is part of his nature.
“Such tender feelings move him
“to act mercifully in behalf
of his faithful servants
who are suffering tribulation.”
Regarding the phrase,
“the God of all comfort,”
it continues: “The Greek noun . . .
here rendered ‘comfort,’
“literally means ‘a calling to one’s side.’
“It conveys the idea
of standing next to a person,
“helping or encouraging him
“when he is undergoing trials
or feeling sad. . . .
“God uses his powerful active force
“to give comfort and help in situations
that from a human viewpoint seem hopeless.”
Think about what that means.
Jehovah wants us to know
that whatever we face,
he is by our side, helping us
when we’re undergoing any sort of trial.
No, he did not promise
that he’d remove our trials.
Rather, he eases our misery, or grief,
whenever we undergo difficulties.
What a beautiful word picture
of God standing next to us,
especially when things seem hopeless!
We invite you to do a personal study project.
Using the publication
Research Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses
or the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY™,
do a word search on “comfort.”
You will be drawn even closer to Jehovah
and appreciate his unmatched desire
and ability to comfort.
Jehovah also inspired Paul to show
how he would stand by us to comfort us.
Notice Romans 15:4:
“For all the things
that were written beforehand
“were written for our instruction,
“so that through our endurance
“and through the comfort from the Scriptures
we might have hope.”
“Comfort from the Scriptures”
—time limits us from going
into all of the ways
that the Bible does this.
But let’s take some examples.
A scripture that Jehovah’s people
have often meditated on in recent times
is found in Jeremiah chapter 29.
When Jehovah inspired Jeremiah
to convey his message to the Jews,
they had been taken from Jerusalem
and were captives in Babylon.
They were downhearted.
But even while in captivity,
Jehovah provided a comforting message.
Notice his words
at Jeremiah 29:10:
“When 70 years at Babylon are fulfilled,
I will turn my attention to you.”
God told these Jewish exiles
that they would remain
in captivity for a long time.
Then he made it clear to them
that he had a peaceful future in mind.
The latter part of that verse says:
“And I will make good my promise
by bringing you back to this place.”
In verse 11, he says:
“‘I well know the thoughts
“that I am thinking toward you,’
“declares Jehovah, ‘thoughts of peace,
“‘and not of calamity,
to give you a future and a hope.’”
God did make good
on his promise to those Israelites.
He let them know
that their future was to be a bright one.
Regarding Jeremiah 29:11,
one commentary states:
“It is difficult to find
a more wonderful promise
“anywhere in Scripture
that expresses the tender compassion
“of Yahweh [Jehovah]
“toward these exiles
and setting before them, at last,
a real reason for optimism and expectation.”
Jehovah’s promise strengthened men
such as Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and Daniel.
Jehovah reassured the Jews
by repeating his promise
at Jeremiah 31:17:
“And there is a hope for your future . . .
Your sons will return
to their own territory.”
Sure enough, just as Jehovah foretold,
Babylon was conquered
by the Persian King Cyrus,
who allowed the exiled Jews
to return to their homeland.
After 70 years of captivity,
they were back in Jerusalem.
Jehovah ‘made good on his promise.’
What does that have to do with us today?
The fulfilled promises of Jehovah assure us
that his promises to us will come true
in spite of surrounding circumstances.
As he said: “I will make good my promise.”
How comforting to know that!
But we know that the greatest expression
of Jehovah’s comfort
is his only-begotten Son, Jesus.
During his time on earth,
he gave people hope.
Jesus engaged in a marvelous ministry
—healing the sick, performing powerful works
and, most important,
teaching people about God’s Kingdom.
However, the greatest expression
of hope to us humans
is Jesus’ ransom sacrifice.
Through his inspired Word,
we can see that Jehovah assures us
that he not only understands what we face
but also desires
to console and strengthen us.
Our loving heavenly Father
especially watches over all
who endeavor to do his will.
But in all of his mercy,
he also draws humble people
who may not yet know him.
How many of us were in dire straits
only to be introduced to the truth
and to get to know Jehovah at the right time?
That was no coincidence.
That’s a consequence of Jehovah’s love
and his desire to give people comfort
through the hope he provides.
Dear brothers and sisters,
as we get closer to the great tribulation,
we will face more distressing circumstances.
And during the great tribulation,
our trust in Jehovah must be solid.
We need to be sensitive
and receptive to the ways
in which he consoles and strengthens us.
We need to keep in mind what Paul says
at 2 Corinthians 1:4,
perhaps even memorizing it.
Jehovah is a God
“who comforts us in all our trials.”
Some time ago,
we interviewed two longtime members
of the United States Bethel family:
Brother Gerald Grizzle,
a helper to the Personnel Committee,
and Brother Sam Roberson.
These two brothers served
as traveling overseers
for many years prior to coming to Bethel.
Brother Grizzle has served
at Bethel since 1978,
and Brother Roberson
has served here for nearly 20 years.
They’ve been assigned
by the Governing Body
to assist them in shepherding
the United States Bethel family.
‘Shepherding the Bethel family?’ you may ask.
‘After all, Bethelites
don’t have any distressing trials!’
Listen to what our dear brothers have to say.
Brother Grizzle,
what are some of the challenges
that members of the Bethel family face?
The worldwide Bethel family
is a representation of the brotherhood.
By that I mean that
just as 1 Peter 5:9 says,
they face ‘the same kind of sufferings
‘being experienced by the entire association
of our brothers in the world.’
Some deal with serious health problems,
but they continue to serve.
Others
have concerns over aging parents,
and some have to give up
their beloved Bethel service.
Still others contend
with bouts of depression.
But the spirit
of these dear brothers and sisters
impels them to have the determination
not to allow these challenges
to dominate them.
Rather, their faith in Jehovah
strengthens their resolve
to focus on their assignments.
Thank you for that insight,
Brother Grizzle.
Brother Roberson, how have you been able
to comfort such ones?
When we find out a Bethelite
is going through a tragedy,
there are four things that we do.
Number one, we pray for them
and develop specific spiritual points
according to their needs.
And that’s before we make the call.
Number two, when we actually make the call,
we really listen.
And I don’t mean
we just listen with our ears.
We try to listen with our hearts.
We try to feel what they feel.
We try to have compassion.
Number three, when we use God’s Word
to remind them
they’re not facing their crisis alone,
this is very effective.
As an example,
we called on a brother recently
who was going through a great trial,
and we shared, among other things,
Exodus 3:7, 12.
Let’s take a look at that:
“I have certainly seen the affliction
“of my people who are in Egypt,
“and I have heard their outcry
because of those who force them to work.”
And note the ending point here
—it’s very beautiful.
Jehovah doesn’t say,
‘I know how my people feel’;
he says: “I well  know
the pains [of my people].”
And then in giving assurance
dealing with Moses
fearing to go before Pharaoh,
in verse 12, just the A  part:
“To this he said:
‘I will prove to be with you.’”
It’s just a few words but so powerful,
where Jehovah is guaranteeing
that he’s going to give them undeniable proof
that he’s backing them up
and never moving away from them one inch.
And this gives us comfort.
Now, number four,
before we conclude the call,
we have an ending prayer with them.
And we use their names,
and this is very comforting
since we’re calling on Jehovah,
the Great Shepherd.
At 1 Thessalonians 5:14,
Paul says: “We urge you, brothers, to . . .
“speak consolingly to those
who are depressed,
[to] support the weak,
be patient toward all.”
And this is exactly what we’re trying to do.
Thanks for sharing those thoughts
—very interesting.
Brothers Grizzle and Roberson:
How has comforting others affected you?
Brother Grizzle first, please.
During these challenging times,
I sense Jehovah’s love for his people.
Over the years,
I have seen and experienced his care
when facing difficult times.
Some years ago,
I lost my mother, my brother,
and my father in death all within a year.
And in 2017,
I lost my dear wife, Bonnie,
after we had served Jehovah together
for nearly 65 years.
But with much prayer,
research, and love of the friends,
Jehovah has comforted me.
And now, thankfully,
I have been able
to offer encouragement to others.
Very touching, Brother Grizzle,
thank you.
Brother Roberson,
how has comforting others
affected you?
One of the most memorable challenges
was while my wife, Linda, and I
were in the circuit work
several years ago.
I lost my voice.
I had to have surgery on my vocal cords,
and for six weeks, I could not talk.
For a circuit overseer,
that’s like being a bird without its wings.
I wrote more notes in that six weeks
than I had written in my whole life!
But in spite of that
and along with other situations and tragedies
that we faced similar to Gerald’s,
Jehovah has seen us through them all.
And let me say, it’s been a real pleasure
to share Jehovah’s comfort with so many.
And as we do,
we see the Governing Body’s interest
in all of Jehovah’s people,
including those with added responsibility.
They truly reflect Jehovah’s feelings
as “the God of all comfort.”
Well, thank you, brothers.
We really appreciate your comments.
And more than the shepherding that you do
is the example that you have set
in enduring trials,
in experiencing Jehovah’s comfort,
and in comforting others.
Thank you so much.
The Governing Body has instituted
similar shepherding arrangements
in branch offices around the world.
Now we want to talk
to some of you in our audience.
Because of stresses, disappointments,
and hurt feelings caused by fellow believers,
some have strayed
from Jehovah’s organization.
Others may have been removed
from the congregation
but now would like to return.
To you we say:
“Allow Jehovah to comfort and strengthen you.
He wants you to draw close to him,
and he will help you.”
James 4:8 says:
“Draw close to God,
and he will draw close to you.”
Jehovah has great care for such ones.
Let’s read what he says
at Ezekiel 34:16:
“The stray I will bring back,
“the injured I will bandage,
and the weak I will strengthen.”
Some who have recovered have said
that one of the most
difficult things for them to do
was to cross the threshold
of the Kingdom Hall.
But remember, it’s Jehovah who bandages you,
his sheep, helping you to heal.
In the same chapter, in verse 12, he says:
“I will care for my sheep . . .
“I will rescue them from all the places
where they were scattered.”
In imitation of that love,
the faithful slave says,
“We view you as lost sheep,
not a lost cause.”
To all we say,
“No matter what you face, remember:
“In difficult times,
Jehovah always comforts.”
Throughout our program,
we’ll hear experiences
of brothers and sisters
who were comforted by Jehovah.
As they share their stories,
look for all the ways Jehovah helped them
and consider how you can help others.
First is the experience of Maombi Vianney.
If you’re suffering some kind of trial
and you’re searching for God,
be encouraged by Maombi’s story.
Jehovah knows your struggles,
and he draws all deserving ones to him.
Did you notice that Maombi,
having received comfort,
was moved to help others?
In our next segment,
we’ll see just how powerful
the love of our brothers and sisters can be.
LaQuita worked
for the City of Virginia Beach.
With the city, she was able to get a schedule
that allowed her to focus on her ministry.
I came home on a Friday.
Both my mother and I had
doctors’ appointments that day.
And we came home and sat down,
getting ready to fix us a bite of lunch,
and I got a phone call.
It was a family member,
and they were asking me
if I had seen the news.
I immediately
tried to call my daughter’s phone,
and it went straight to voice mail.
So I said, “Well, let me try texting her.”
So I tried texting her,
and I didn’t get any response.
It was about 10:00 or 10:30
that night when we just finally
got the confirmation
that we had indeed lost her in that shooting.
And I will say,
that was the worst day of my life.
The next day,
starting at seven o’clock in the morning,
friends started pouring in,
and we had
people in our home
to support us and encourage us
from morning till night.
And it meant so much.
It helped us to focus
on something else at that time.
The love that they showed to us
—it was just astounding.
It was just so amazing.
And that’s what helped us to get through,
to get through it all
—it was our family, our spiritual family.
The City of Virginia Beach, they volunteered
to take care of all
of the victims’ arrangements.
Because of the amount of people,
the venue that they decided upon
was the opera house in Norfolk.
The brothers, they got everything together.
The city didn’t really have to do anything;
they just gave us the venue.
And what really impressed them,
the city, was that
the whole memorial, everything,
took place within an hour.
The city officials were there in attendance.
You had the local newspapers
who covered it, reporters.
The reporters
were persistent in wanting to talk,
and so actually two of my brothers,
they handled all of that information,
with the guidance
from those two brothers who came down.
It kept us from having
to even worry about that, you know,
so it was very helpful.
I continue to get cards;
I get texts from people,
and it just encourages me.
Isaiah 41:10
—that has become my favorite scripture.
“I will really hold on to you
with my right hand of righteousness.”
Going through this,
I could really feel Jehovah’s hand.
It’s as if he was rubbing my shoulders
and saying: ‘It’s going to be all right.
‘You’ll be all right.
I’m going to get you through this.’
And he has.
Each day he gets me through this.
If it can happen to someone else,
it can happen to me.
And in this instance, it did.
But
that helps me to keep a perspective,
and I reflect on how Jehovah
is going to reverse it.
That’s my biggest hope
—to see Jehovah reverse
the damage that has been done.
He’s promised it, and my faith
is in the fulfillment of his promises.
So I look forward to being reunited
with my daughter.
Isaiah 43:2 says, in part:
“When you pass through the waters,
I will be with you,
and through the rivers,
they will not flood over you.”
Tragic and unforeseen things
can befall faithful servants of Jehovah.
We may suffer terribly,
but we are not destroyed.
We will always belong to Jehovah,
“the Father of tender mercies.”
Jehovah is always there for us,
but we all lead such busy lives.
Our new music video vividly shows
the blessings we receive
when we make time for Jehovah.
So much to do
And so few hours in our day,
It’s hard to steal away
moments to pray.
But we have got to
find a way to . . .
Make time for Jehovah.
Make him part of your life.
Don’t let life in this world
draw you away.
Make time for Jehovah.
Friends grow close
When words from the heart are shared.
But how can we share
and see that he cares?
How will we know that he’s there
Unless we . . .
Make time for Jehovah.
Make him part of your life.
Don’t let life in this world
draw you away.
Make time for Jehovah.
Make time
To see his hand in our life.
To see ourselves in Paradise.
Let nothing
get in our way.
Make time.
Make the time.
Make time for Jehovah.
Make him part of your life.
Don’t let life in this world
draw you away.
Make time for Jehovah.
Make time.
“Make time to see his hand in our life.”
What a beautiful expression!
Are you your harshest critic?
We can be discouraged
by our own shortcomings or failures
—real or imagined.
Notice what can help
in the latest episode of our series
“Apply Bible Principles.”
When I was growing up,
my parents always used to say:
“Pray about your spiritual goals.
“Work hard.
And then let Jehovah do the rest.”
So that’s what I did.
And wow, did Jehovah pour out the blessings!
I even got invited
to a branch construction project.
And I was pretty excited
at first.
Don’t get me wrong.
It was a privilege to be there,
but the work was harder
than I thought it would be.
There were a lot of new skills to learn.
And I have to admit,
I really wanted to impress my overseer.
So I pushed hard,
maybe a little too hard.
Do you see all that up there?
That all needs to come down.
OK.
Do you think you can wrap this up
before tomorrow?
Sure thing. I’m on it.
You can grab Jin and Young
to give you a hand with the lift.
Jin’s a pro; he’ll help you out.
Got it.
The job didn’t look that hard.
And, I mean, I had the training.
So if I had waited for them,
there was no way
we were going to get this done today.
The fact is, I had caused some real damage,
and I made more work for everyone.
Ian, are you OK?
Yes, I’m fine.
Do you have a minute to talk in my office?
Yeah.
I felt like such a loser.
The brothers talked to me,
and they were nice about it.
But I was still left thinking:
‘What am I doing here?
Maybe I should just go home.’
James 3:2 says:
“For we all stumble many times.”
But the real question is,
When we stumble
—and it is going to happen—
what should we do then?
Yes, Jake.
Well, when Dad was teaching me
to ride my bike,
I fell a lot.
And it was hard.
But I just kept getting up and trying again.
And now I can ride pretty fast!
So you just have to get back up
when you fall.
Yes, that’s right!
That was a great comment.
Wow, Jake, that’s it!
I had to swallow my pride
and just get back up.
I realized I needed to be more focused
on the seriousness of my assignment
and not so focused on myself.
And instead of trying to do
everything myself,
I set more realistic expectations
about what I could do and what I couldn’t.
I had a lot to learn.
So I kept working and learning.
And after a while,
I even got to help train
some of the new volunteers.
In the end, I was so thankful to Jehovah
for helping me understand
that in the race for life,
none of us are going to cross the finish line
without stumbling.
The important thing
is to get back up and just keep going.
Some hesitate to draw close to people
of different races or nationalities.
But they can overcome this
by imitating Jehovah’s impartiality.
The result?
Great joy.
We’ll see an example
of this in the following report.
On September 18, 2020,
Medicane Ianos,
a rare Mediterranean cyclone, struck Greece
and flooded a Roma settlement in Mavrika,
just outside the city of Karditsa.
Local authorities worked
alongside emergency services to evacuate
over 1,000 Roma who lived there.
But a family of seven
who are studying with Jehovah’s Witnesses
were left behind.
It was raining hard,
and the floodwaters were rising quickly.
I took my wife by the hand
and carried my child on my back.
With great difficulty, we managed
to make it to a neighboring house.
We were unable to contact the authorities.
We were terrified
and had no option but to stay there.
We didn’t know what to do.
We were so scared and worried.
We had never experienced
anything like this before.
The floodwaters had risen a lot,
and we stood waiting for hours.
I asked my father to pray for us.
He did many times.
There were lots of people in the house,
both young and old.
They were afraid, and they were crying.
Video messages from the family
started to come through, asking for help.
We could see their fear.
We wanted to help them,
but there was no way for us to go there
because access was impossible.
All we could do was pray to Jehovah for them
and send messages of encouragement.
We were very distressed.
Children were crying.
I prayed to Jehovah,
begging him for peace of mind.
I threw all of my burdens
and anxiety of my heart on Jehovah.
Soon, I felt calm and had no anxiety.
I felt his spirit giving me strength
during the hours that followed until dawn.
The situation was very difficult.
They had suffered a lot,
and their clothes were dirty.
There was no way
that I could leave them there.
We were given a house to stay in.
We were able to calm down and sleep.
The brothers gave us food.
I thanked Jehovah for teaching us
and taking care of us.
He is our Savior.
When I attended the first meeting
after the flood, I felt calm again.
I tried to keep my routine as normal:
study, meetings, preparing comments.
I felt joy and contentment.
My legal documents, such as my ID,
were saved from the flood.
Our neighbors were not prepared.
But we, thanks to Jehovah’s direction,
had packed emergency bags.
About a week later,
we were able to return to Mavrika.
The houses were in terrible condition,
full of mud.
The Disaster Relief Committee
helped us immediately.
Brothers from 300 kilometers (190 mi) away
sent emergency supplies.
The brotherhood showed us love in practice.
They worked hard
and helped us because they love us.
I was deeply touched and found myself in awe.
We are united.
All of this brought
glory and praise to Jehovah.
When we went there to help,
the Roma neighbors were very surprised.
They asked if we could help them too.
We replied that we have to help
our family first, our brothers.
They were very puzzled
that we called our Roma brothers family
since we were not from their tribe.
Ephesians 4:16 finds a good application
in this story.
Just as every joint in the body offers help,
so did the brothers.
We all worked together
to provide help to our brothers in need.
Jehovah is teaching me and helping me.
I really trust in him.
He has blessed me personally.
I have seen how good he is to me.
In a miserable world, Jehovah brings me joy.
I know that he chooses
according to a person’s heart.
All glory belongs to Jehovah!
In total,
seven members of the Tsakiris family
are studying the Bible.
Five, who are deaf,
are studying
with a Greek Sign Language group.
When the flood struck,
about 20 people,
including the Tsakiris family,
could not be evacuated
because of strong currents.
At first, other Roma who had been left behind
blamed the flood on the family
because they were all studying
with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
But after they observed the assistance
provided by the brothers and sisters,
they said:
“You have the true religion.
You show genuine love.”
Our series “My Teen Life”
has helped many young Witnesses
navigate today’s realities.
Our next episode has to do with association,
and we’ll hear from a brother and a sister
who eventually made good decisions
with the help of Bible principles.
That may not surprise you.
But what we’re looking for in this is “how.”
How did they go from knowing Bible principles
to applying them?
My parents were both Jehovah’s Witnesses
by the time I was born.
So I studied the Bible,
attended meetings,
and went out in service with them.
Growing up in the truth, I knew
that living by Bible standards
is what’s best for me.
And my parents were always so zealous
when it came to spiritual things.
So when I think back,
I just didn’t want to let them down.
Following Bible principles is not burdensome
or even that difficult.
Honestly, if we do as it says in the Bible,
then we benefit ourselves.
But at times, I was curious
how my life would be
if I wasn’t in the truth.
It was just so fun
to be around my school friends.
Overall, I had a good time at school.
I got along with my classmates,
and my teachers liked me too.
So being in school
was a pretty good experience.
My parents always told me
not to get too close to my classmates,
but in my opinion, my friends
had good conduct and were good people.
I didn’t understand why they were so worried.
In my high school,
there were a lot of kids who went to church
and many of the teachers
had religious backgrounds.
One day, there was an incident
when the entire school found out
I was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I knew that some people might be prejudiced
against Witnesses, but I was surprised
to see how everyone could change so suddenly.
I started spending more time
with my classmates,
but the more I hung out with them,
the more I saw
that we were living
completely different lives.
Their conversations would be
about trips they went on over the weekend
and what they bought
on their latest shopping trip,
but when it came to me,
all I had done was spiritual activities.
It felt like I was missing out.
I felt alone and like an outcast.
I knew in my head that Bible principles
are right and beneficial,
but when I was
actually put in that situation,
I wasn’t so sure anymore.
I started to feel like I wasn’t as cool
as my classmates,
so when they started to talk
about their life goals,
I couldn’t bring myself to tell them
what my goals were.
So I started thinking,
‘What would be the right way for me to act?’
Opening up to my parents
about my situation really helped.
One day for family worship, we decided
to discuss that topic.
We read Matthew 5:11:
“Happy are you when people reproach you
and persecute you
“and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing
against you for my sake.”
But how can you be happy when persecuted?
I thought to myself,
‘But I’m not happy right now.’
My mom shared Mark 8:38 with me.
The part in the scripture where it says
that if we are ashamed of Jesus Christ,
he will be ashamed of us
really hit me.
I realized that deep inside
I had been ashamed of being a Witness.
While I was going through all of this,
a brother gave
a public talk in our congregation
and read Matthew 19:29.
There it says that everyone who has left
what is important to them
“for the sake of [Jehovah]
will receive a hundred times as much.”
So I decided to try leaving
what I thought was important to me
and seeing what results
and blessings I might receive.
About that time,
my parents helped me to associate
with brothers and sisters
who were participating
in many different forms of full-time service
so that I could hear their experiences.
That helped me to decide
which direction I wanted to go in my life.
One thing that was really great
about this decision
was that I was able to meet
many new brothers and sisters.
I realized that there were so many people
who had the same thoughts and goals as I did.
These were my true friends.
The next time the topic of our future goals
came up with my classmates,
I was able to speak up confidently.
I am really thankful to my parents
who helped me to find the courage to do that.
I’ve felt that Jehovah
truly keeps his promises.
Come to think of it,
Jehovah has kept his promise to reward me
a hundred times as much
if I choose to live
by the Bible’s principles.
I am really happy now,
and I am confident that if I follow
the Bible’s teachings when I make decisions,
I will always have the best results.
They were familiar with the Bible.
But its value became real to them
when they put Bible principles into practice.
This month’s program underscored
that in difficult times,
Jehovah always comforts.
Servants of Jehovah
like Sister Brown and her daughter
may suffer terrible blows.
But no matter what happens to us,
even “if we die,
we [always] belong to Jehovah.”
Bible truths were a comfort to Maombi,
who never gave up searching for God.
And finally, all of us provide comfort
when we show impartial love.
Now it’s time for our video postcard.
This month we visit our brothers in Alaska.
Alaska is in the far northwest corner
of North America.
One third of it lies
within the Arctic Circle.
In some areas, temperatures can drop
below negative 60 degrees Fahrenheit,
or negative 54 degrees Celsius.
This is a sparsely populated land
of glaciers,
permafrost, and tundra
and is a rich habitat
for bears, caribou,
moose, whales,
and dozens of species of fish.
Let’s visit the Kuskokwim Congregation
in Bethel, Alaska.
That’s right
—the village is named Bethel!
Twenty-two publishers preach
in a territory that includes
13 villages connected by waterways.
As the weather and seasons change,
so does their choice of transportation.
Four-wheelers and snowmobiles are common
since many villages lack roads and cars.
This “road”
is actually on top of a frozen river.
Here’s a caravan of publishers
on their way to the village of Kwethluk.
To be safe,
brothers travel with two or more vehicles
in case one gets stuck or breaks down.
Daily sunlight varies with the seasons
from less than 6 hours during winter
to more than 19 during summer.
The congregation includes
nine regular and five special pioneers.
An average of 85 Bible studies
are conducted every month.
In addition to an English congregation,
there is a Yupik pregroup.
Dog sledding
is an important part of Yupik culture.
Several races are held here every year.
This Bible student is wearing
a traditional garment called a qaspeq.
Many at the meetings
give their comments in Yupik
and have them translated into English.
Although most publishers
aren’t fluent in Yupik,
they use publications and videos
translated into Yupik
in the ministry.
Baptisms are normally held
at conventions and assemblies
in the city of Anchorage.
But this Bible student
made her dedication to Jehovah
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Despite the frigid weather,
she was baptized in this river.
This is where she grew up.
Our brothers and sisters
from the Kuskokwim Congregation
in Bethel, Alaska
send their love and greetings
to the worldwide brotherhood!
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting.